ACT II : SCENE I. Westminster. A street.  Enter two Gentlemen, meeting  First Gentleman  Whither away so fast?  Second Gentleman  O, God save ye! Even to the hall, to hear what shall become Of the great Duke of Buckingham.  First Gentleman  I'll save you That labour, sir. All's now done, but the ceremony Of bringing back the prisoner.  Second Gentleman  Were you there?  First Gentleman  Yes, indeed, was I.  Second Gentleman  Pray, speak what has happen'd.  First Gentleman  You may guess quickly what.  Second Gentleman  Is he found guilty?  First Gentleman  Yes, truly is he, and condemn'd upon't.  Second Gentleman  I am sorry for't.  First Gentleman  So are a number more.  Second Gentleman  But, pray, how pass'd it?  First Gentleman  I'll tell you in a little. The great duke Came to the bar; where to his accusations He pleaded still not guilty and alleged Many sharp reasons to defeat the law. The king's attorney on the contrary Urged on the examinations, proofs, confessions Of divers witnesses; which the duke desired To have brought viva voce to his face: At which appear'd against him his surveyor; Sir Gilbert Peck his chancellor; and John Car, Confessor to him; with that devil-monk, Hopkins, that made this mischief.  Second Gentleman  That was he That fed him with his prophecies?  First Gentleman  The same. All these accused him strongly; which he fain Would have flung from him, but, indeed, he could not: And so his peers, upon this evidence, Have found him guilty of high treason. Much He spoke, and learnedly, for life; but all Was either pitied in him or forgotten.  Second Gentleman  After all this, how did he bear himself?  First Gentleman  When he was brought again to the bar, to hear His knell rung out, his judgment, he was stirr'd With such an agony, he sweat extremely, And something spoke in choler, ill, and hasty: But he fell to himself again, and sweetly In all the rest show'd a most noble patience.  Second Gentleman  I do not think he fears death.  First Gentleman  Sure, he does not: He never was so womanish; the cause He may a little grieve at.  Second Gentleman  Certainly The cardinal is the end of this.  First Gentleman  'Tis likely, By all conjectures: first, Kildare's attainder, Then deputy of Ireland; who removed, Earl Surrey was sent thither, and in haste too, Lest he should help his father.  Second Gentleman  That trick of state Was a deep envious one.  First Gentleman  At his return No doubt he will requite it. This is noted, And generally, whoever the king favours, The cardinal instantly will find employment, And far enough from court too.  Second Gentleman  All the commons Hate him perniciously, and, o' my conscience, Wish him ten fathom deep: this duke as much They love and dote on; call him bounteous Buckingham, The mirror of all courtesy;--  First Gentleman  Stay there, sir, And see the noble ruin'd man you speak of. Enter BUCKINGHAM from his arraignment; tip-staves  before him; the axe with the edge towards him;  halberds on each side: accompanied with LOVELL, VAUX, SANDS, and common people  Second Gentleman  Let's stand close, and behold him. 