MARK ANTONY :  Ho, ho, ho! Now the witch take me, if I meant it thus! Grace grow where those drops fall! My hearty friends, You take me in too dolorous a sense; For I spake to you for your comfort; did desire you To burn this night with torches: know, my hearts, I hope well of to-morrow; and will lead you Where rather I'll expect victorious life Than death and honour. Let's to supper, come, And drown consideration. Exeunt  SCENE III. The same. Before the palace.  Enter two Soldiers to their guard  First Soldier  Brother, good night: to-morrow is the day.  Second Soldier  It will determine one way: fare you well. Heard you of nothing strange about the streets?  First Soldier  Nothing. What news?  Second Soldier  Belike 'tis but a rumour. Good night to you.  First Soldier  Well, sir, good night. Enter two other Soldiers  Second Soldier  Soldiers, have careful watch.  Third Soldier  And you. Good night, good night. They place themselves in every corner of the stage  Fourth Soldier  Here we: and if to-morrow Our navy thrive, I have an absolute hope Our landmen will stand up.  Third Soldier  'Tis a brave army, And full of purpose. Music of the hautboys as under the stage  Fourth Soldier  Peace! what noise?  First Soldier  List, list!  Second Soldier  Hark!  First Soldier  Music i' the air.  Third Soldier  Under the earth.  Fourth Soldier  It signs well, does it not?  Third Soldier  No.  First Soldier  Peace, I say! What should this mean?  Second Soldier  'Tis the god Hercules, whom Antony loved, Now leaves him.  First Soldier  Walk; let's see if other watchmen Do hear what we do? They advance to another post  Second Soldier  How now, masters!  All  [Speaking together]  How now! How now! do you hear this?  First Soldier  Ay; is't not strange?  Third Soldier  Do you hear, masters? do you hear?  First Soldier  Follow the noise so far as we have quarter; Let's see how it will give off.  All  Content. 'Tis strange. Exeunt  SCENE IV. The same. A room in the palace.  Enter MARK ANTONY and CLEOPATRA, CHARMIAN, and others attending 