BRAKENBURY :  I am, in this, commanded to deliver The noble Duke of Clarence to your hands: I will not reason what is meant hereby, Because I will be guiltless of the meaning. Here are the keys, there sits the duke asleep: I'll to the king; and signify to him That thus I have resign'd my charge to you.  First Murderer  Do so, it is a point of wisdom: fare you well. Exit BRAKENBURY  Second Murderer  What, shall we stab him as he sleeps?  First Murderer  No; then he will say 'twas done cowardly, when he wakes.  Second Murderer  When he wakes! why, fool, he shall never wake till the judgment-day.  First Murderer  Why, then he will say we stabbed him sleeping.  Second Murderer  The urging of that word 'judgment' hath bred a kind of remorse in me.  First Murderer  What, art thou afraid?  Second Murderer  Not to kill him, having a warrant for it; but to be damned for killing him, from which no warrant can defend us.  First Murderer  I thought thou hadst been resolute.  Second Murderer  So I am, to let him live.  First Murderer  Back to the Duke of Gloucester, tell him so.  Second Murderer  I pray thee, stay a while: I hope my holy humour will change; 'twas wont to hold me but while one would tell twenty.  First Murderer  How dost thou feel thyself now?  Second Murderer  'Faith, some certain dregs of conscience are yet within me.  First Murderer  Remember our reward, when the deed is done.  Second Murderer  'Zounds, he dies: I had forgot the reward.  First Murderer  Where is thy conscience now?  Second Murderer  In the Duke of Gloucester's purse.  First Murderer  So when he opens his purse to give us our reward, thy conscience flies out.  Second Murderer  Let it go; there's few or none will entertain it.  First Murderer  How if it come to thee again?  Second Murderer  I'll not meddle with it: it is a dangerous thing: it makes a man a coward: a man cannot steal, but it accuseth him; he cannot swear, but it cheques him; he cannot lie with his neighbour's wife, but it detects him: 'tis a blushing shamefast spirit that mutinies in a man's bosom; it fills one full of obstacles: it made me once restore a purse of gold that I found; it beggars any man that keeps it: it is turned out of all towns and cities for a dangerous thing; and every man that means to live well endeavours to trust to himself and to live without it.  First Murderer  'Zounds, it is even now at my elbow, persuading me not to kill the duke.  Second Murderer  Take the devil in thy mind, and relieve him not: he would insinuate with thee but to make thee sigh.  First Murderer  Tut, I am strong-framed, he cannot prevail with me, I warrant thee.  Second Murderer  Spoke like a tail fellow that respects his reputation. Come, shall we to this gear?  First Murderer  Take him over the costard with the hilts of thy sword, and then we will chop him in the malmsey-butt in the next room.  Second Murderer  O excellent devise! make a sop of him.  First Murderer  Hark! he stirs: shall I strike?  Second Murderer  No, first let's reason with him. 