WARWICK :  Then, gentle Clarence, welcome unto Warwick; And welcome, Somerset: I hold it cowardice To rest mistrustful where a noble heart Hath pawn'd an open hand in sign of love; Else might I think that Clarence, Edward's brother, Were but a feigned friend to our proceedings: But welcome, sweet Clarence; my daughter shall be thine. And now what rests but, in night's coverture, Thy brother being carelessly encamp'd, His soldiers lurking in the towns about, And but attended by a simple guard, We may surprise and take him at our pleasure? Our scouts have found the adventure very easy: That as Ulysses and stout Diomede With sleight and manhood stole to Rhesus' tents, And brought from thence the Thracian fatal steeds, So we, well cover'd with the night's black mantle, At unawares may beat down Edward's guard And seize himself; I say not, slaughter him, For I intend but only to surprise him. You that will follow me to this attempt, Applaud the name of Henry with your leader. They all cry, 'Henry!' Why, then, let's on our way in silent sort: For Warwick and his friends, God and Saint George! Exeunt  SCENE III. Edward's camp, near Warwick.  Enter three Watchmen, to guard KING EDWARD IV's tent  First Watchman  Come on, my masters, each man take his stand: The king by this is set him down to sleep.  Second Watchman  What, will he not to bed?  First Watchman  Why, no; for he hath made a solemn vow Never to lie and take his natural rest Till Warwick or himself be quite suppress'd.  Second Watchman  To-morrow then belike shall be the day, If Warwick be so near as men report.  Third Watchman  But say, I pray, what nobleman is that That with the king here resteth in his tent?  First Watchman  'Tis the Lord Hastings, the king's chiefest friend.  Third Watchman  O, is it so? But why commands the king That his chief followers lodge in towns about him, While he himself keeps in the cold field?  Second Watchman  'Tis the more honour, because more dangerous.  Third Watchman  Ay, but give me worship and quietness; I like it better than a dangerous honour. If Warwick knew in what estate he stands, 'Tis to be doubted he would waken him.  First Watchman  Unless our halberds did shut up his passage.  Second Watchman  Ay, wherefore else guard we his royal tent, But to defend his person from night-foes? Enter WARWICK, CLARENCE, OXFORD, SOMERSET, and French soldiers, silent all 