ACT V : SCENE I. A churchyard.  Enter two Clowns, with spades,  &amp; c  First Clown  Is she to be buried in Christian burial that wilfully seeks her own salvation?  Second Clown  I tell thee she is: and therefore make her grave straight: the crowner hath sat on her, and finds it Christian burial.  First Clown  How can that be, unless she drowned herself in her own defence?  Second Clown  Why, 'tis found so.  First Clown  It must be 'se offendendo;' it cannot be else. For here lies the point:  if I drown myself wittingly, it argues an act: and an act hath three branches: it is, to act, to do, to perform: argal, she drowned herself wittingly.  Second Clown  Nay, but hear you, goodman delver,--  First Clown  Give me leave. Here lies the water; good: here stands the man; good; if the man go to this water, and drown himself, it is, will he, nill he, he goes,--mark you that; but if the water come to him and drown him, he drowns not himself: argal, he that is not guilty of his own death shortens not his own life.  Second Clown  But is this law?  First Clown  Ay, marry, is't; crowner's quest law.  Second Clown  Will you ha' the truth on't? If this had not been a gentlewoman, she should have been buried out o' Christian burial.  First Clown  Why, there thou say'st: and the more pity that great folk should have countenance in this world to drown or hang themselves, more than their even Christian. Come, my spade. There is no ancient gentleman but gardeners, ditchers, and grave-makers: they hold up Adam's profession.  Second Clown  Was he a gentleman?  First Clown  He was the first that ever bore arms.  Second Clown  Why, he had none.  First Clown  What, art a heathen? How dost thou understand the Scripture? The Scripture says 'Adam digged:' could he dig without arms? I'll put another question to thee: if thou answerest me not to the purpose, confess thyself--  Second Clown  Go to.  First Clown  What is he that builds stronger than either the mason, the shipwright, or the carpenter?  Second Clown  The gallows-maker; for that frame outlives a thousand tenants.  First Clown  I like thy wit well, in good faith: the gallows does well; but how does it well? it does well to those that do in: now thou dost ill to say the gallows is built stronger than the church: argal, the gallows may do well to thee. To't again, come.  Second Clown  'Who builds stronger than a mason, a shipwright, or a carpenter?'  First Clown  Ay, tell me that, and unyoke.  Second Clown  Marry, now I can tell.  First Clown  To't.  Second Clown  Mass, I cannot tell. Enter HAMLET and HORATIO, at a distance  First Clown  Cudgel thy brains no more about it, for your dull ass will not mend his pace with beating; and, when you are asked this question next, say 'a grave-maker: 'the houses that he makes last till doomsday. Go, get thee to Yaughan: fetch me a stoup of liquor. Exit Second Clown He digs and sings In youth, when I did love, did love, Methought it was very sweet, To contract, O, the time, for, ah, my behove, O, methought, there was nothing meet. 