AUFIDIUS :  Therefore, most absolute sir, if thou wilt have The leading of thine own revenges, take The one half of my commission; and set down-- As best thou art experienced, since thou know'st Thy country's strength and weakness,--thine own ways; Whether to knock against the gates of Rome, Or rudely visit them in parts remote, To fright them, ere destroy. But come in: Let me commend thee first to those that shall Say yea to thy desires. A thousand welcomes! And more a friend than e'er an enemy; Yet, Marcius, that was much. Your hand: most welcome! Exeunt CORIOLANUS and AUFIDIUS. The two Servingmen come forward  First Servingman  Here's a strange alteration!  Second Servingman  By my hand, I had thought to have strucken him with a cudgel; and yet my mind gave me his clothes made a false report of him.  First Servingman  What an arm he has! he turned me about with his finger and his thumb, as one would set up a top.  Second Servingman  Nay, I knew by his face that there was something in him: he had, sir, a kind of face, methought,--I cannot tell how to term it.  First Servingman  He had so; looking as it were--would I were hanged, but I thought there was more in him than I could think.  Second Servingman  So did I, I'll be sworn: he is simply the rarest man i' the world.  First Servingman  I think he is: but a greater soldier than he you wot on.  Second Servingman  Who, my master?  First Servingman  Nay, it's no matter for that.  Second Servingman  Worth six on him.  First Servingman  Nay, not so neither: but I take him to be the greater soldier.  Second Servingman  Faith, look you, one cannot tell how to say that: for the defence of a town, our general is excellent.  First Servingman  Ay, and for an assault too. Re-enter third Servingman  Third Servingman  O slaves, I can tell you news,-- news, you rascals!  First Servingman Second Servingman  What, what, what? let's partake.  Third Servingman  I would not be a Roman, of all nations; I had as lieve be a condemned man.  First Servingman Second Servingman  Wherefore? wherefore?  Third Servingman  Why, here's he that was wont to thwack our general, Caius Marcius.  First Servingman  Why do you say 'thwack our general '?  Third Servingman  I do not say 'thwack our general;' but he was always good enough for him.  Second Servingman  Come, we are fellows and friends: he was ever too hard for him; I have heard him say so himself.  First Servingman  He was too hard for him directly, to say the troth on't: before Corioli he scotched him and notched him like a carbon ado.  Second Servingman  An he had been cannibally given, he might have broiled and eaten him too.  First Servingman  But, more of thy news?  Third Servingman  Why, he is so made on here within, as if he were son and heir to Mars; set at upper end o' the table; no question asked him by any of the senators, but they stand bald before him: our general himself makes a mistress of him: sanctifies himself with's hand and turns up the white o' the eye to his discourse. But the bottom of the news is that our general is cut i' the middle and but one half of what he was yesterday; for the other has half, by the entreaty and grant of the whole table. He'll go, he says, and sowl the porter of Rome gates by the ears: he will mow all down before him, and leave his passage polled.  Second Servingman  And he's as like to do't as any man I can imagine.  Third Servingman  Do't! he will do't; for, look you, sir, he has as many friends as enemies; which friends, sir, as it were, durst not, look you, sir, show themselves, as we term it, his friends whilst he's in directitude.  First Servingman  Directitude! what's that?  Third Servingman  But when they shall see, sir, his crest up again, and the man in blood, they will out of their burrows, like conies after rain, and revel all with him.  First Servingman  But when goes this forward?  Third Servingman  To-morrow; to-day; presently; you shall have the drum struck up this afternoon: 'tis, as it were, a parcel of their feast, and to be executed ere they wipe their lips.  Second Servingman  Why, then we shall have a stirring world again. This peace is nothing, but to rust iron, increase tailors, and breed ballad-makers.  First Servingman  Let me have war, say I; it exceeds peace as far as day does night; it's spritely, waking, audible, and full of vent. Peace is a very apoplexy, lethargy; mulled, deaf, sleepy, insensible; a getter of more bastard children than war's a destroyer of men.  Second Servingman  'Tis so: and as war, in some sort, may be said to be a ravisher, so it cannot be denied but peace is a great maker of cuckolds.  First Servingman  Ay, and it makes men hate one another.  Third Servingman  Reason; because they then less need one another. The wars for my money. I hope to see Romans as cheap as Volscians. They are rising, they are rising.  All  In, in, in, in! Exeunt  SCENE VI. Rome. A public place.  Enter SICINIUS and BRUTUS 