DUMB SHOW. : Enter PERICLES, at one door, with all his train;  CLEON and DIONYZA, at the other. CLEON shows  PERICLES the tomb; whereat PERICLES makes  lamentation, puts on sackcloth, and in a mighty passion departs. Then exeunt CLEON and DIONYZA See how belief may suffer by foul show! This borrow'd passion stands for true old woe; And Pericles, in sorrow all devour'd, With sighs shot through, and biggest tears o'ershower'd, Leaves Tarsus and again embarks. He swears Never to wash his face, nor cut his hairs: He puts on sackcloth, and to sea. He bears A tempest, which his mortal vessel tears, And yet he rides it out. Now please you wit. The epitaph is for Marina writ By wicked Dionyza. Reads the inscription on MARINA's monument 'The fairest, sweet'st, and best lies here, Who wither'd in her spring of year. She was of Tyrus the king's daughter, On whom foul death hath made this slaughter; Marina was she call'd; and at her birth, Thetis, being proud, swallow'd some part o' the earth: Therefore the earth, fearing to be o'erflow'd, Hath Thetis' birth-child on the heavens bestow'd: Wherefore she does, and swears she'll never stint, Make raging battery upon shores of flint.' No visor does become black villany So well as soft and tender flattery. Let Pericles believe his daughter's dead, And bear his courses to be ordered By Lady Fortune; while our scene must play His daughter's woe and heavy well-a-day In her unholy service. Patience, then, And think you now are all in Mytilene. Exit  SCENE V. Mytilene. A street before the brothel.  Enter, from the brothel, two Gentlemen  First Gentleman  Did you ever hear the like?  Second Gentleman  No, nor never shall do in such a place as this, she being once gone.  First Gentleman  But to have divinity preached there! did you ever dream of such a thing?  Second Gentleman  No, no. Come, I am for no more bawdy-houses: shall's go hear the vestals sing?  First Gentleman  I'll do any thing now that is virtuous; but I am out of the road of rutting for ever. Exeunt  SCENE VI. The same. A room in the brothel.  Enter Pandar, Bawd, and BOULT  Pandar  Well, I had rather than twice the worth of her she had ne'er come here.  Bawd  Fie, fie upon her! she's able to freeze the god Priapus, and undo a whole generation. We must either get her ravished, or be rid of her. When she should do for clients her fitment, and do me the kindness of our profession, she has me her quirks, her reasons, her master reasons, her prayers, her knees; that she would make a puritan of the devil, if he should cheapen a kiss of her. 