DIANA :  For which live long to thank both heaven and me! You may so in the end. My mother told me just how he would woo, As if she sat in 's heart; she says all men Have the like oaths: he had sworn to marry me When his wife's dead; therefore I'll lie with him When I am buried. Since Frenchmen are so braid, Marry that will, I live and die a maid: Only in this disguise I think't no sin To cozen him that would unjustly win. Exit  SCENE III. The Florentine camp.  Enter the two French Lords and some two or three Soldiers  First Lord  You have not given him his mother's letter?  Second Lord  I have delivered it an hour since: there is something in't that stings his nature; for on the reading it he changed almost into another man.  First Lord  He has much worthy blame laid upon him for shaking off so good a wife and so sweet a lady.  Second Lord  Especially he hath incurred the everlasting displeasure of the king, who had even tuned his bounty to sing happiness to him. I will tell you a thing, but you shall let it dwell darkly with you.  First Lord  When you have spoken it, 'tis dead, and I am the grave of it.  Second Lord  He hath perverted a young gentlewoman here in Florence, of a most chaste renown; and this night he fleshes his will in the spoil of her honour: he hath given her his monumental ring, and thinks himself made in the unchaste composition.  First Lord  Now, God delay our rebellion! as we are ourselves, what things are we!  Second Lord  Merely our own traitors. And as in the common course of all treasons, we still see them reveal themselves, till they attain to their abhorred ends, so he that in this action contrives against his own nobility, in his proper stream o'erflows himself.  First Lord  Is it not meant damnable in us, to be trumpeters of our unlawful intents? We shall not then have his company to-night?  Second Lord  Not till after midnight; for he is dieted to his hour.  First Lord  That approaches apace; I would gladly have him see his company anatomized, that he might take a measure of his own judgments, wherein so curiously he had set this counterfeit.  Second Lord  We will not meddle with him till he come; for his presence must be the whip of the other.  First Lord  In the mean time, what hear you of these wars?  Second Lord  I hear there is an overture of peace.  First Lord  Nay, I assure you, a peace concluded.  Second Lord  What will Count Rousillon do then? will he travel higher, or return again into France?  First Lord  I perceive, by this demand, you are not altogether of his council.  Second Lord  Let it be forbid, sir; so should I be a great deal of his act.  First Lord  Sir, his wife some two months since fled from his house: her pretence is a pilgrimage to Saint Jaques le Grand; which holy undertaking with most austere sanctimony she accomplished; and, there residing the tenderness of her nature became as a prey to her grief; in fine, made a groan of her last breath, and now she sings in heaven.  Second Lord  How is this justified?  First Lord  The stronger part of it by her own letters, which makes her story true, even to the point of her death: her death itself, which could not be her office to say is come, was faithfully confirmed by the rector of the place.  Second Lord  Hath the count all this intelligence?  First Lord  Ay, and the particular confirmations, point from point, so to the full arming of the verity.  Second Lord  I am heartily sorry that he'll be glad of this.  First Lord  How mightily sometimes we make us comforts of our losses!  Second Lord  And how mightily some other times we drown our gain in tears! The great dignity that his valour hath here acquired for him shall at home be encountered with a shame as ample.  First Lord  The web of our life is of a mingled yarn, good and ill together: our virtues would be proud, if our faults whipped them not; and our crimes would despair, if they were not cherished by our virtues. Enter a Messenger How now! where's your master?  Servant  He met the duke in the street, sir, of whom he hath taken a solemn leave: his lordship will next morning for France. The duke hath offered him letters of commendations to the king.  Second Lord  They shall be no more than needful there, if they were more than they can commend.  First Lord  They cannot be too sweet for the king's tartness. Here's his lordship now. Enter BERTRAM How now, my lord! is't not after midnight? 